Update docker.mdx (#628)
surrealdb/docs.surrealdb.com: doc-surrealdb_versioned_docs/version-1.x/installation/running/docker.mdx

```bash
docker run --rm --pull always -p 8000:8000 surrealdb/surrealdb:latest start
## Use the below command for local development

> # docker run --rm --pull always -p 8000:8000 surrealdb/surrealdb:latest-dev start

Reviewer: I think it will be valuable to explain why using `latest-dev` for local development. It includes a shell (`sh`) and a package manager so user can install tooling and interact with the docker container internally

> # docker run --rm --pull always -p 8000:8000 surrealdb/surrealdb:latest-dev start

Reviewer 2: I agree @sgirones . I'll add a note to this instead of commenting it out.

> # docker run --rm --pull always -p 8000:8000 surrealdb/surrealdb:latest-dev start

Author: Done @Ekwuno! Added a note with explanation instead of the previously commented out command. Added the update to V2 doc as well 👍🏽

docker run --rm --pull always -p 8000:8000 surrealdb/surrealdb:latest start
```

:::note

> __Note:__ Use the -dev image variant (e.g., surrealdb/surrealdb:latest-dev) for local development. This version includes a shell and package manager, allowing you to install tools and interact with the container's internals.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
__Note:__ For local development, use the `latest-dev` image variant (i.e., docker run --rm --pull always -p 8000:8000 surrealdb/surrealdb:latest-dev start) . This version includes a shell and package manager, allowing you to install tools and interact with the container's internals.
```

> __Note:__ For local development, use the `latest-dev` image variant (i.e., docker run --rm --pull always -p 8000:8000 surrealdb/surrealdb:latest-dev start) . This version includes a shell and package manager, allowing you to install tools and interact with the container's internals.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
__Note:__ For local development, use the `latest-dev` image variant (i.e., docker run --rm --pull always -p 8000:8000 surrealdb/surrealdb:latest-dev start). This version includes a shell and package manager, allowing you to install tools and interact with the container's internals.
```
